= RDoc.tmbundle

Enrich your RDoc authoring experience.  Installing this TextMate bundle will teach textmate 
how to properly display RDoc in the preview.  For example, if you have a README.rdoc you 
can press <Control> + <Option> + <CMD> + <p> to preview the html output.

* Code Repository: http://github.com/joshaven/RDoc.tmbundle
* Joshaven Potter: yourtech@gmail.com


== Installation
    git clone git://github.com/joshaven/RDoc.tmbundle.git ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles/RDoc.tmbundle
    
You will want to run the following line to reload the bundles if TextMate was open during the install...
    osascript -e 'tell app "TextMate" to reload bundles'


== Optional Customization of your Ruby.tmbundle
Take things one step further by launching your app's RDocs from any .rb file:
The following will setup TextMate to regenerate the rdocs and open them in Safari when you press Ctrl+Opt+CMD+p from any .rb file.

* Edit the bundles within TextMate Ctrl+Opt+CMD+b
* Choose the "Run" command from the "Ruby" bundle and click the copy button (double plus sign)
* Type "Preview" to rename what is currently called "Run copy"
* Replace the context with the following in the text area on the right labeled: Command(s)
  
    #!/bin/bash --posix 
    rake rdoc
    osascript -e "tell application \"Safari\" to open location \"file:///$TM_PROJECT_DIRECTORY/rdoc/index.html\""
    
* Click on the Action Key Equivalent setting section and set as Ctrl+Opt+CMD+p
* Close the bundle editor and choose Bundles > Bundle Editor > Reload Bundles
* Enjoy faster access to your RDocs


== Credits

* Thank you Jason Noble for your simple approach to previewing in TextMate. http://tinyurl.com/yea3p38
* Thank you Elia Schito for your addition of a RDoc help file: CMD+Shift+H http://github.com/elia

== Notes

Currently, this RDoc TextMate bundle only provides a method of previewing.  
Maybe I'll get around to syntax highlighting, or maybe you will... Contact me 
and I'll be happy to incorporate your changes.


== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Joshaven Potter. See LICENSE for the MIT License details.